ca
because
for the love
Berlin dpa
Gallen
Munich dpa
Landshut
Not
Originally the dog arrives that America and gets there
operated for over 30 years
Uncuffed bikers can be tailored to each dog just like his
Preferences and abilities
that can be different litters
Body over jumps and in the advanced stage
also body jump he will be trained
The individual elements also key each other to a flowing talc for
link
The whole thing can be relaxed with tricks like paws give one
Roll on the floor ezb-rat
Thus, the wonder is the sporty every healthy and offers
playful dog despite dogs Thisbe is a meaningful occupation
strengthens the human-dog relationship and if the sport is practiced properly
will keep the dog fit
Use only special dog discs and remove them
use the discs possibly resulting sharp edges with
sandpaper
Make sure that you only play on a soft ground
Themes and free of holes
Also make sure that there are no dangerous objects on the ground
lie or are in the way
Gul leaps of the dog should be avoided until the age of 18 months
is young and old enough to run the sport with jumps
Care should be taken that the dog lands gently
at an optimal landing for with a distribution of energy to the
whole movement Scatter instead
this is the case if the dog is first in front and then immediately afterwards
the hind legs arises
or with all four paws at the same time Landert
that a learner should always be done without the dog
They should always warm their dog thoroughly before going on the sport
float
the main reason why the warm-up training is not waived
should be that the risk of injury is significantly lower if the
Musculature is warm
If you've never met her dog before, who played after Hunt
First of all, get acquainted with the Porsche AG and learn that
he must never bite new game culture
Here she was missing the prescribe hoax of the covenant with wriggling
Movements so completed
that she also has a chance to catch her up with her dog
Exuberant when he shows interest and was in the disc is
Do not forget to throw it for the dog
once with the Roland coincidence
at 0 1 one point behind Switzerland we run the host
bring back the disc even in the air without the difficulty
to catch
catching the disc from the air is very difficult for many dogs at first
Let the dog have the simplest rollout of the episode first
before in the fall on the disc from the air beginning
the every throw should be thrown the rose in the line of sight prison
so that the dog can run after the disc without first turning around
have to
Leusder and still Roland afterwards, you can now do the brilliant
To bring dog case
to catch the flying disc from the air »
For this we can later on the fleet
Initially, however, I should first be suggested to be hit by the disc
move the disc forward in your hand and animate the dog in
to bite the disc
only when the desire to move the locations can take in hand
it is time
to throw in a thump
as they helped the disc lay next to the approximately ten forces upwards
but they are not directly on the 8th
only when the dog has learned to catch the fastest should they
Cube lengthened in small steps
Always throw the disc so far that the dog can easily catch it
can and has a sense of achievement
Often it fails at proper timing if the dog does not use the disc
can drive throw the disc only if the dog is also attentive
For example, if you cancel and cancel the design, you may have a trigger view
H
betting
now
Received 100 000 marks
the companies stress
for Parreira
mim
the
Munich
s
You can find our current seminar dates at www point that was - Docks
Point de